




















SFBU Website Privacy Policy | San Francisco Bay University







































      Skip to main content
    


 















Main navigation


About Us


Overview


Accreditation


Policies


University Leadership




Admissions


Requirements for Degree Programs


Requirements for Intensive English Program


Scholarships & Grants


Tuition & Costs


Articulation & Transfer Agreements


Contact Admissions Team


Admitted Students




Academics


School of Business


School of Engineering


General Education


English as a Second Language


Professional Education


SFBU Faculty


Library


Records Office 


Institutional Research


Academic Calendar


Schedule of Classes


SFBU Catalog




Student Life


Overview


SFBU News


Student Organizations


SFBU Blog 


Counseling Services


ACI Student Assistance




Career Services


CPT, OPT, and On-Campus Jobs


IT Services


Student Health Insurance 


Housing


Transportation


Alumni Association




Contact Us








Main navigation-right


Apply Today


Request Info


MySFBU


Student Login


Faculty Login


Applicant Login


Alumni Login


Canvas LMS




  Search






















Search form


Search
Search














 






SFBU Website Privacy Policy




Last modified June 22, 2020
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you when you visit our websites, access our services, participate in our programs, or otherwise interact with us. It also describes how we use and disclose the information we collect, how we protect information from unauthorized use or disclosure, and the choices you have regarding our collection and use of such information.
 
CONSENT TO PRIVACY POLICY
By accessing our website to obtain information or services or by providing solicited or unsolicited personal information to us online, you are consenting to our use of such information, subject to applicable laws, and agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy. 
 
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
We may collect and use your personal and other information for research, public service, or teaching programs, for administrative purposes, to administer services, for future communication, or to improve the user experience of or troubleshoot issues with our site. We define the term “personal information” to mean any information that we directly associate with, or use to identify, a specific person. This may include information such as your name, phone number, address, social security or tax identification number, email address, a user name or other online registration information, and a financial account or credit card number. Such personal information may be requested for research, public service, or teaching programs, or for administrative purposes. Some personal information, such as credit card account information, may be requested for purchases or enrollment. Examples of other information that we automatically collect include IP addresses and browser and computer types.
 DISCLOSURE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Generally, SFBU will not disclose, without your consent, personal information collected about you, except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
 
We may enter into relationships with third parties that provide services (e.g., credit card processing, website enhancements, insurance, and transportation). In such circumstances, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary for such service providers to perform such services.
 
We may disclose your personal information to legal, government, regulatory, or accrediting authorities, in response to subpoenas, court orders, or when otherwise required by law; to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; if we determine disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action against illegal, illicit, or dangerous activities; or if we reasonably determine such disclosure is necessary in an emergency.
 COOKIES, WEB BEACONS AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
This website uses “cookies” to track website visitors and contacts. Cookies are small text files stored on a visitor's computer.  These cookies are used to collect information about how a visitor interacts with our website and allow us to remember the person and identify them on future visits. Cookies do not store personal information unless you have voluntarily provided it.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; please note, however, that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out herein.
 
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help our website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
 
Click here for a link to the full Google cookies policy, including information on how to opt-out of or disable these cookies.
 
We also use HubSpot’s website analytics to evaluate visitor use of our website and improve the user experience. Every time a visitor lands on our website, HubSpot will check for an existing tracking cookie. If one does not exist, a cookie will be associated with that visitor and will log every page that person visits moving forward. Visitors will be tracked anonymously before they become contacts.
 

Click here for a link to the full HubSpot cookies policy, including information on how to opt-out of or disable these cookies.
HOW WE RESPOND TO DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
Currently, our web servers do not recognize or respond to “Do Not Track” signals. Our website may continue to collect information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. 
 CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
SFBU's website is not intended for children under the age of 13 and there are no areas specifically set aside for children under age 13. Nonetheless, we recognize that SFBU's website may be of general interest to all audiences and we therefore encourage parents to assist their children if they intend to explore our website.
 
ACCESS TO AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may make changes to some of your personal information through an applicable user portal accessible through this website. We may keep a record of changes (including deletions) and disclose them for lawful purposes. We keep your personal information for as long as we think is necessary or advisable, and we reserve the right to retain it to the full extent not prohibited by law. If you are an applicant or student, you may also review your personal information that is readily accessible or request that it be updated by contacting Student Services.
 
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use various physical, electronic, and procedural measures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse. However, because no data security systems are completely secure, we do not warrant that any personal information that you provide to us will be secure or safe from unauthorized access. If you provide any personal information to us, you do so at your own risk. 
 
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
For your information and convenience, our website may contain links to websites operated by third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the practices of third parties that collect your personal information. Each of these linked websites may maintain its own policies about the collection, use, and protection of your personal information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third parties to learn about their information practices and security measures. 
 CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Confirmation that such modifications have been implemented can be seen by noting the date this Privacy Policy was last modified. Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective as of such date. We encourage you to visit our website periodically to view the latest version of this Privacy Policy. 
 
















161 Mission Falls Ln,
Fremont, CA 94539, USA

Tel: 510-803-SFBU
(510-803-7328)
Email: admissions@sfbu.edu











ADMISSIONS
Undergraduate 
Graduate 
Scholarships 
SFBU Catalog 
ABOUT SFBU
Overview
Institutional Research 
Accreditation 
Careers


PROGRAMS
Computer Science 
Electrical Engineering 
Business Administration 
English as a Second Language  
MySFBU

Applicant
Student 


Faculty 
Alumni 

SFBU Webmail Log-In











Service Hours:
Mon-Fri: 9:00a.m. - 5:30p.m.
Closed:  Saturday and Sunday
(Call or meet in-person at the times above. Also available via Zoom by appointment.)
 





















Non-Discrimination
Student Grievance
Accessibility
Academic Freedom
Privacy
© Copyright 2023 San Francisco Bay University - All Rights Reserved





































